---
description: 2022上半年 河北 00593 
keywords: 00549
---
<div align='center'> <font size="70">Listening Test</font> </div>
**&emsp;&emsp;There are three parts in this test. Part one, multiple choices. Part two, true or false statements. Part three, spot dictation. Now let’s begin the test.**

**I. Multiple choices. (2×10)
In this part, you will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversation, a question will be asked about what was said. The conversation will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the three choices marked A, B and C and decide which is the best answer.**

1. Why is the woman’s father going to retire?
A. He is old.			 B. He is in good health.		C. He is in poor health.
2. Where does the man think the keys are?
A. In the woman’s car.	 B. In the restaurant.			C. In the woman’s house
3. What does the woman mean in this conversation?
A. She likes looking at the calendar.
B. She takes business trips very often.
C. She likes being on trips.
4. Why did the woman thank the man?
A. Because he sent her to the hospital.
B. Because he sent her some flowers.
C. Because he never forgot to meet her.
5. Where does the conversation take place?
A. In the street.		B. In a shop.					C. In a restaurant.
6. How many days will the woman be traveling?
A. Ten days.			B. Eight days.				C. Fifteen days.
7. What did the boy’s father give him as a birthday gift?
A. A CD player.		B. An MP3 player.			C. A pair of shoes.
8. What examination is Emily going to take?
A. Tennis final.		B. English final.				C. English mid-term exam.
9. What is the man going to do with the money he won?
A. He is going to buy a lot of expensive things.
B. He is going to buy a new car.
C. He is going to make much more money with it.
10. Why is Frank so sad about his future planning?
A. Because he wants to be singer but he cannot.
B. Because he won’t be able to live in Milan.
C. Because he is afraid that he cannot pass the examination.

**II. True or False. (2×10)
Listen to two passages and decide whether the following 10 statements are true or false. Both the passages will be read only once. Write T for True and F for False.**

**Passage 1**
11.  The speaker met Susan at a dance party.
12.  Both the speaker and Susan want to get married now.
13.  The speaker’s parents don’t like her very much.
14.  The speaker is 24 years old now.
15.  The speaker hopes to start his own business.

**Passage 2**
16.  The speaker has three brothers, no sisters.
17.  They make bread and cakes and deliver them to shops.
18.  The speaker’s dad died 2 years ago.
19.  The mother only started to run the business after the father’s death.
20.  The speaker’s older brother George was helping with the business.

**III. Spot dictation (2×30)
In this part, you will hear two passages. Both the passages will be read two times. Listen and write the missing words on the lines.**

**Passage 1**
Stan Murch, in a uniform-like blue jacket, stood on the 21 __________ in front of the Hilton and watched cab after cab make the loop into the 22__________ entrance. Doesn’t anybody travel in their own car anymore? 
Then at last a Chrysler Imperial with Michigan plates came 23 __________ up Sixth Avenue, made the left-hand loop into the Hilton 24 __________ and stopped at the entrance. As a woman and several children got out of the doors on the 25 __________ of the car, toward the hotel entrance, the driver climbed 26__________ out on the left. He was a big man with a cigar and a camel’s-hair 27__________. 
Murch was at the door before it was 28 ________ open, pulling it the rest of the way and saying, “Just leave the 29________ in, sir.”
“Right,” the man said around his cigar. He got out and sort of 30________ himself inside the coat. Then, as Murch was about to get 31 __________ the wheel, the driver said, “Wait.”
Murch looked at him, “Sir?”
“Here you go, boy,” the man said and pulled a 32 __________ dollar bill from his pants pocket and handed it across.
“Thank you, sir,” Murch said. He 33 ________ with a hand holding the dollar, climbed behind the wheel and 34 __________ away.
He was smiling as he made the right turn into 53rd Street; it wasn’t every day a man gave you a tip for 35 ________ his car.

**Passage 2**
A beautiful woman and a man were involved in a car 36 __________. Both of their cars were badly 37 ___________, but neither of them were hurt.
    After they came out of their cars, the woman said, "So you’re a man. That’s 38 ____________. I' m a woman. Wow, just look at our cars! But we’re 39 __________. This must be a sign from God that we should meet and be 40 __________ and live together in 41 __________ for the rest of our days."
    "Please," the man replied," Oh yes, I agree with you 42___________! This must be a sign from God!" The woman continued, "and look at this, here's another 43 __________. My car is seriously damaged but this bottle of wine hasn't 44 __________. Surely God wants us to drink this wine and 45 __________ our good luck". Then she handed the bottle to the man.
The man 46 __________ his head, opened it and drank 47 __________ the bottle and then handed it back to the woman. The woman took the bottle and 48 ___________ put the cap back on, and handed it back to the man.
    The man asked, "Aren't you having 49 __________?" The woman replied, "No, I think I’ll just wait for the 50 ___________ to come…

