---
description: 00594
---
## Part I Read a Passage (20 points)
**Please read the following passage within three minutes.** 



<center>Plan your life</center>

> &emsp;&emsp; Making a life plan can help you feel more in control of your life and give you a clear path toward the things you want.
> &emsp;&emsp; It can start with creating a document to record your thoughts and ideas. And make sure that the document should be easily seen so that you will remember to review it often. 
> &emsp;&emsp; You can use the following guide to help you.
> 1. Allow yourself to dream big. Imagine what an average day in your ideal life looks like. Imagine the kind of person you want to be and how you want others to see you. 
> 2. Clearly define what success means to you. 
> 3. Identify your strengths and weaknesses.
> 4. Practice self-reflection to clarify your roles and satisfaction in different areas of life. For example, your role as a parent or a manager may be more important to you than your role as an employee or student. Another example, your health and family may be more important than your work or hobbies. 
Follow the above guide, and may you have a better life. 

## Part II Answer Questions (6 points×5=30 points)
**There are five questions in this part. After each question you will have one minute to give your answer.**

> 1. Which is your favorite room in your home? Why you love it so much? 
> 2. Describe a famous person you know and tell why he/she is famous.
> 3. Which is your favorite gift? Why you love it?
> 4. What is the most interesting part of your hometown?
> 5. What kind of job you want to do most? Why?

## Part III Talk About a Topic (50 points)
**In this part you will be given three minutes to think about the topic. Then you will be given five minutes to talk about it.**
<center>The advantages and disadvantages of your present job/life</center>
